Update table-of-contents.mdx (#924)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/components/table-of-contents.mdx

<Title>Use case</Title>

![Image of Table of contents component usecase](../../images/component/table-of-contents/table-of-content-default-use-case.jpg)

**When to use:**
* When the page length is long and requires a lot of scrolling.
* When users need to know what is included in a page, the table of contents can serve as an outline or summary of the page content.
* When users need to navigate to a specific section on the page quickly.

**When not to use:**
* When a page is relatively short and the user will not have to scroll very far.
* When users need to read all the content in a specific order.

## Variations

### Vertical with heading content

> This variation only applies to the vertical Table of Contents (ToC). The area above the Table of contents can be utilized in many ways—showing navigational links, the page title, or an image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This variation only applies to the vertical Table of contents (ToC). The area above the Table of contents can be utilized in many ways—showing navigational links, the page title, or an image.
```

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Image of With heading content variation](../../images/component/table-of-contents/table-of-content-with-heading-content.jpg)

</Column>
</Row>

<Title>Use case</Title>

![Image of With heading content variation usecase](../../images/component/table-of-contents/table-of-content-with-heading-content-use-case.jpg)

### Horizontal

> The horizontal variation lays the table of content navigation links into a row. When present, it sticks to the top of the page while scrolling. It then replaces the masthead sticky navigation when the top of its container meets the top of the window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The horizontal variation lays the table of contents navigation links into a row. When present, it sticks to the top of the page while scrolling. It then replaces the masthead sticky navigation when the top of its container meets the top of the window.
```

<Title>Use case</Title>

![Image of Table of contents component usecase](../../images/component/table-of-contents/table-of-content-default-use-case.jpg)

**When to use:**

> * When users need to know what is included in a page, mainly when it contains a log of information. It serves as an outline or summary of the page content.

Reviewer: I wonder if the below bullet point covers this section?

Author: Are you suggesting to take " When users need to know what is included in a page, mainly when it contains a log of information. It serves as an outline or summary of the page content." off or to keep it but delete "When users need to rely on scrolling to consume the information on the page."?

> * When users need to rely on scrolling to consume the information on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the content of the page is long or text heavy and will require a lot of scrolling.
```

* When users need to navigate to a specific section on the page quickly.

**When not to use:**

> * When users do not need to relaying on scrolling to find the content they need. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When a page is relatively short and the user will not have to scroll very far.
* When users need to read all the content in a specific order, consider that the table of contents allows users to skip content easily.
```

<Title>Use case</Title>

![Image of Table of contents component usecase](../../images/component/table-of-contents/table-of-content-default-use-case.jpg)

**When to use:**

> * When the content of the page is long or text heavy and will require a lot of scrolling.

Reviewer 2: Small suggestion here

```suggestion
* When the page length is long and requires a lot of scrolling.
```

Author: @photodow I get what you say, but will the word "length" enough to tell adopters we are talking about the content's length?

Reviewer 2: I don't think we're talking about content's length though. This component is not determined by the amount of content on the page, but instead by how far down the page the content might be.

Author: Good point. James.

> * When users need to know what is included in a page, mainly when it contains a log of information. It serves as an outline or summary of the page content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

* When the content of the page is long or text heavy and will require a lot of scrolling.

> * When users need to navigate to a specific section on the page quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When users need to know what is included in a page, the table of contents can serve as an outline or summary of the page content.
* When users need to navigate to a specific section on the page quickly.
```

**When not to use:**

> * When a page is relatively short and the user will not have to scroll very far.

Reviewer 2: Could we get any more specific with what is meant by `relatively short/long`?

Author: @photodow Is this working any better? "When a page content is short, the user does not need to rely on page scrolling to view the information."

Reviewer 2: I guess to be more specific I wonder if we could provide something measurable. Like if the user has to scroll more than 5 times, or the content is generally 2x the window size, or more than 4 titled sections on the page. I'm not saying these are the things, but wondering if it makes sense to give them something to aim for. A ballpark figure if that makes sense. I assume our content model would have a minimum amount of ToC items that could even be used to start with.

Reviewer: > I assume our content model would have a minimum amount of ToC items that could even be used to start with.

Agreed we should provide some guidelines on minimum and recommended max (we won't limit).
I wasn't sure if we would include that sort of detail in the content model section, like what Michael has been working on. 

> I wonder if we could provide something measurable. Like if the user has to scroll more than 5 times, or the content is generally 2x the window size, or more than 4 titled sections on the page.

I was struggling on how to phrase this guideline because in my opinion, maybe because it's a bit of a gray area..

The partners page is one I would not recommend using a TOC, because it's a series of short bands, and the TOC won't really do much in terms of scrolling down the page. 
![screencapture-ibm-partners-2021-04-02-18_04_54](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45692622/113457737-906cbc00-93de-11eb-8235-f6d0aebfe7ff.png)

The NOT using with short sections is partly why I had phrased it as "when the content of the page is long or text heavy" to try and describe what kind of content would use a TOC.. but maybe it's not quite right yet.

> * When users need to read all the content in a specific order, consider that the table of contents allows users to skip content easily.

Reviewer 2: > consider that the table of contents allows users to skip content easily.

This line reads awkward to me... What are we trying to say?

Author: I suggest we have it as "When users need to read all the content in a specific order."

> ## Variations

Reviewer 2: Maybe for future discussions, but I don't feel like default is telling the user a lot here. I think we could be more descriptive in a scenario like this. We have vertical and horizontal, and that's it.

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Image of With heading content variation](../../images/component/table-of-contents/table-of-content-with-heading-content.jpg)

</Column>
</Row>

<Title>Use case</Title>

![Image of With heading content variation usecase](../../images/component/table-of-contents/table-of-content-with-heading-content-use-case.jpg)

### Horizontal

> The Horizontal variation displays pre-defined sections of the page and provides a convenient way to navigate those sections. It also sticks to the top of the page when scrolling for easy access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Table of Contents – Horizontal variation renders as horizontal navigation that includes anchor links to various locations on the page. It sticks to the top of the page when scrolling and pushes the masthead navigation out of the browser window.
```

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Image of With heading content variation](../../images/component/table-of-contents/table-of-content-with-heading-content.jpg)

</Column>
</Row>

<Title>Use case</Title>

![Image of With heading content variation usecase](../../images/component/table-of-contents/table-of-content-with-heading-content-use-case.jpg)

### Horizontal
The Horizontal variation displays pre-defined sections of the page and provides a convenient way to navigate those sections. It also sticks to the top of the page when scrolling for easy access.

<Row>

![Image of Horizontal variation](../../images/component/table-of-contents/table-of-contents-horizontal.jpg)

</Column>
</Row>

<Title>Use case</Title>

![Image of Horizontal variation usecase](../../images/component/table-of-contents/table-of-contents-horizontal-use-case.jpg.)

> 

Reviewer: **When to use**
* Use the Table of contents – horizontal variation with section level components, where the section title occupies the first four columns of the 16 column grid and the Table of contents – vertical could conflict with the content.

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Image of With heading content variation](../../images/component/table-of-contents/table-of-content-with-heading-content.jpg)

</Column>
</Row>

<Title>Use case</Title>

> ![Image of With heading content variation usecase](../../images/component/table-of-contents/table-of-content-with-heading-content-use-case.jpg)

Reviewer 2: Are we sharing with users about the escape hatch above the table of contents? Especially the moment about images? Also, it's only in the vertical scenario I believe, so that should be under vertical from my point of view from a hierarchy standpoint.

Author: Are you suggesting taking the "With heading content" off the page? @photodow

Reviewer 2: Well either take it off or move it under the vertical/default guidance. I thought we decided we didn't want to advertise it, but if I misunderstood that then that's cool too. Hierarchy is off at the very least I think.

Reviewer: Agreed it is an addition to the Default/vertical. @JennySanchez This was part of why I wondered if Vertical and Horizontal should have their own anchor links like we do with Masthead L0 and Masthead L1, to establish the correct hierarchy. I may have not explained that very well when we met. 

In storybook we are planning to move the 'with heading content' into the Vertical display:
<img width="372" alt="Screen Shot 2021-03-26 at 4 04 47 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45692622/113455779-82686c80-93d9-11eb-8595-3c2ab6c1c7b9.png">

### Horizontal

> The Table of Contents – Horizontal variation renders as horizontal navigation that includes anchor links to various locations on the page. It sticks to the top of the page when scrolling and pushes the masthead navigation out of the browser window.

Reviewer 2: Hmmm... Just throwing out another way to word this.

```suggestion
The horizontal variation lays the table of content navigation links into a row. When present, it sticks to the top of the page while scrolling. It then replaces the masthead sticky navigation when the top of its container meets the top of the window.
```

![Image of Horizontal variation](../../images/component/table-of-contents/table-of-contents-horizontal.jpg)

> 

Reviewer 2: Do we have dos and dont's for this component? Are they the same as the above? If they are the same (no reason to duplicate) could we move the above dos and don'ts higher up in the page?

Reviewer: I thought I added a when to use on here, but not seeing it for some reason. 

I considered adding something about using the horizontal version with Section level components.
